Story05 (#17)
alem-platform/bootcamp-js: story05/apply-to-math/README.md

# Apply to Math

| Expected file    |
| ---------------- |
| apply-to-math.js |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Instructions 
```

> Write functions that creates a mathematical utilities with the following capabilities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write functions to create a math utility with these features:
```

1. Apply any `Math` method (max, min, abs, etc.) to `arrays`

> 2. Chain multiple `Math` operations in sequence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Apply multiple `Math` operations in sequence
```
